setopt sys_load_flags -L/lib -L/usr/lib -I/limbo/unsupported/packages/CenterLine/general/unsupported/sparc
setopt load_flags -I./include -I./machine/sparc -I./sys/sun4 


load signal/raise.c
load signal/signal.c
load stdio/clearerr.c
load stdio/cvt.c
load stdio/dcvt.c
load stdio/fclose.c
load stdio/feof.c
load stdio/ferror.c
load stdio/fflush.c
load stdio/fgetc.c
load stdio/fgetpos.c
load stdio/fgets.c
load stdio/findfp.c
load stdio/flags.c
load stdio/fopen.c

load stdio/fputc.c
load stdio/fputs.c
load stdio/fread.c
load stdio/freopen.c
load stdio/fscanf.c
load stdio/fseek.c
load stdio/fsetpos.c
load stdio/ftell.c
load stdio/fvwrite.c
load stdio/fwalk.c
load stdio/fwrite.c
load stdio/getc.c
load stdio/getchar.c
load stdio/gets.c
load stdio/iprintf.c
load stdio/makebuf.c
load stdio/perror.c
load stdio/printf.c
load stdio/putc.c
load stdio/putchar.c
load stdio/puts.c
load stdio/refill.c
load stdio/remove.c
load stdio/rename.c
load stdio/rewind.c
load stdio/rget.c
load stdio/scanf.c
load stdio/setbuf.c
load stdio/setvbuf.c
load stdio/sprintf.c
load stdio/sscanf.c
load stdio/stdio.c
load stdio/tmpfile.c
load stdio/tmpnam.c
load stdio/ungetc.c
load stdio/vfiprintf.c
load stdio/vfprintf.c
load stdio/vfscanf.c
load stdio/vprintf.c
load stdio/vsprintf.c
load stdio/wbuf.c
load stdio/wsetup.c
load stdlib/__adjust.c
load stdlib/__exp10.c
load stdlib/__ten_mu.c
load stdlib/abort.c
load stdlib/abs.c
load stdlib/assert.c
load stdlib/atexit.c
load stdlib/atof.c
load stdlib/atoi.c
load stdlib/atol.c
load stdlib/bsearch.c
load stdlib/calloc.c
load stdlib/div.c
load stdlib/efgcvt.c
load stdlib/exit.c
load stdlib/getenv.c
load stdlib/labs.c
load stdlib/ldiv.c
load stdlib/malloc.c
load stdlib/mbtowc.c
load stdlib/qsort.c
load stdlib/rand.c
load stdlib/strtod.c
load stdlib/strtol.c
load stdlib/strtoul.c
load stdlib/system.c
load stdlib/wctomb.c
load string/bcmp.c
load string/bcopy.c
load string/bzero.c
load string/index.c
load string/memchr.c
load string/memcmp.c
load string/memcpy.c
load string/memmove.c
load string/memset.c
load string/rindex.c
load string/strcat.c
load string/strchr.c
load string/strcmp.c
load string/strcoll.c
load string/strcpy.c
load string/strcspn.c
load string/strerror.c
load string/strlen.c
load string/strncat.c
load string/strncmp.c
load string/strncpy.c
load string/strpbrk.c
load string/strrchr.c
load string/strspn.c
load string/strstr.c
load string/strtok.c
load string/strxfrm.c
time/asctime.c
time/clock.c
time/ctime.c
time/difftime.c
time/gmtime.c
time/localtime.c
time/mktime.c
time/strftime.c


load stdio/fiprintf.c
load stdio/fprintf.c
load ctype/ctype_.c
load ctype/isalnum.c
load ctype/isalpha.c
load ctype/isascii.c
load ctype/iscntrl.c
load ctype/isdigit.c
load ctype/islower.c
load ctype/isprint.c
load ctype/ispunct.c
load ctype/isspace.c
load ctype/isupper.c
load ctype/isxdigit.c
load ctype/toascii.c
load ctype/tolower.c
load ctype/toupper.c
load errno/errno.c
/*load ieeefp/fpmask.c
load ieeefp/fpround.c
load ieeefp/fpsticky.c
load ieeefp/infinity.c
load ieeefp/isnan.c
load locale/locale.c
load math/acos.c
load math/acosh.c
load math/asin.c
load math/asinh.c
load math/atan.c
load math/atan2.c
load math/atanh.c
load math/bessel.c
load math/copysign.c
load math/cosh.c
load math/erf.c
load math/error.c
load math/exp.c
load math/fabs.c
load math/floor.c
load math/fmod.c
load math/frexp.c
load math/gamma.c
load math/hypot.c
load math/ldexp.c
load math/log.c
load math/log10.c
load math/log1p.c
load math/log2.c
load math/log__L.c
load math/matherr.c
load math/modf.c
load math/pow.c
load math/scalb.c
load math/sincos.c
load math/sinh.c
load math/sqrt.c
load math/tan.c
load math/tanh.c
*/
